chore: more  migration. (#7)
timescale/documentation: api-reference/timescaledb/tag-overview.mdx

---
title: API reference tag overview
description: The TimescaleDB API reference includes tags to categorize the available SQL functions and views
tags: [licenses, toolkit, experimental]
products: [cloud, mst, self_hosted]
---

import { TIMESCALE_DB, TOOLKIT_LONG, TDB_COMMUNITY } from '/snippets/vars.mdx';

The {TIMESCALE_DB} API Reference uses tags to categorize functions. The tags are `Community`, `Experimental`, `Toolkit`,
and `Experimental (Toolkit)`. This section explains each tag.

## Community

This tag indicates that the function is available under TimescaleDB Community Edition, and are not available under the
Apache 2 Edition. For more information, visit our [TimescaleDB License comparison sheet][tsl-comparison].

> ## Experimental (TimescaleDB Experimental Schema)

Reviewer: This no longer makes sense, as we now say "early access". I also think the Community badge should change to say "Community edition" because it's more self-explanatory.

Author: Nice.

> This tag indicates that the function is included in the TimescaleDB experimental schema. Do not use experimental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tag indicates that the function is included in the  {TIMESCALE_DB} experimental schema. Do not use experimental
```
